# Thank you for your interest in BOH!

We are always looking to add people to our team!  There are many ways you can
get involved and join us in our effort to sustainably empower Ugandans.

## Become a Monthly Donor

No matter the amount, you are able to make a significant impact in the lives
of the people in our programs.  A dollar really does go a long way, and on
average a woman living in the villages we work with can only earn half of what
is needed to support her family.  Any and every donation helps us in our goal
of empowering these women and their children in Uganda.

## Sponsor a Student

Help BOH's Student Scholarship Program (BSSP) students go to school in Uganda.
Join the BSSP Family by giving the gift of education [here](/programs/bssp/) or
emailing <bssp@becauseofhope.org>. Education is an essential step in breaking
the cycle of poverty in a family, and you can be a part of making this possible
in our student's lives!

## Host a Fundraiser

As part of our Beads Project, we sell handmade Ugandan jewelry and crafts at
community events and home jewelry parties. This is a great way you can help
raise awareness and funds for our cause! Email Mackenzie at
<mackenzie@becauseofhope.org> if you are interesting in hosting or want more
information.

## Intern

BOH has various internships throughout the year that enable people to be a 
part of our operations and volunteer their time and talents to further our 
mission. Email us at <info@becauseofhope.org> to learn what internships are 
currently available.

<a class="arrow button" target="_blank" href='https://docs.google.com/a/becauseofhope.org/document/d/1SIQtefP_18JPQvi9aUt5FVkX2Ned8Y_M9VqMzgsq1Sk/edit?usp=sharing'>Application</a>


## Help Raise Awareness

As part of our Beads Project, we sell handmade Ugandan jewelry and crafts at
community events and home jewelry parties. This is a great way you can help
raise awareness and funds for our cause! Email Mackenzie at
<mackenzie@becauseofhope.org> if you are interesting in hosting or want more
information.

## Pray

We believe in the power of prayer and it has been an integral part of BOH's
operations because we know that in and of ourselves, we are incapable of
achieving our mission to sustainably empower widows and orphans. This mission
often seems like a dream, too big to be possible, when we are faced with the
mountains of poverty which have no simple route to eradication.  And yet, we
have seen tremendous progress be made in our efforts to achieve this dream by
being prayerful and empowered by Christ. Pray for BOH to operate in wisdom,
unconditional love, and selfless compassion.  Regardless of your faith, we ask
you to join us in our dream of sustainable development and empowerment in
Uganda.
